Add link to Keda example (#15650)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/03-tutorials/00-serverless/svls-15-use-external-scalers.md

    scaled-function   serverless.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2.Function   scaled-function   1     5     prometheus                    True    True     Unknown      4m15s
    ```

> Check out this [example](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples/tree/main/scale-to-zero-with-keda) showing how to use kyma serverless and eventing with combination with Keda to acomplish scaling to zero. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out this [example](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples/tree/main/scale-to-zero-with-keda) to see how to use Kyma Serverless and Eventing in combination with Keda to accomplish scaling to zero. 
```
